docs(atlassian-api-tokens): Add warning about scoped Atlassian API Tokens (#2519)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/vault-radar/get-started/add-data-sources/confluence/confluence-cloud.mdx

- Token creator email address
- [API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/)

::warning:: Unfortunately, Scoped API Tokens are not currently supported for scanning Confluence Cloud.

> Using a scoped API token will result in 401 errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Warning>

Scoped API Tokens do not support scanning Confluence Cloud.
Using a scoped API token results in 401 errors. 
Use a non-scoped API token to connect your Confluence Cloud data source.

</Warning>
```

- Token creator email address
- [API token](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account/)

<Warning>

Unfortunately, Scoped API Tokens are not currently supported for scanning Confluence Cloud.
Using a scoped API token will result in 401 errors. 

> Please use a non-scoped API token to connect your Confluence Cloud data source.

Reviewer: The text here does not follow the style guide.

## Describe features and functionality as they currently exist 

- **keywords**: writing  
- **content sets**: docs, WAF, tutorials

Do not refer to features and functionality that will be implemented in the future. 

Do not promise updates or fixes for specific releases.

Do not use words that reference points in time, such as "new", "old", "now", or "currently" to describe products.

## Guiding principles

- Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech even if you are used to seeing it in print.
- Never use a long word where a short one will do.
- If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out.
- Never use the passive voice where you can use the active voice.

"Please" is not specifically called out, but is considered anti-pattern in technical writing https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#please

```suggestion
HCP Vault Radar does not support scoped API tokens for scanning Confluence Cloud.
Using a scoped API token results in 401 errors. 
Use a non-scoped API token to connect your Confluence Cloud data source.
```

Author: TIL... I was just trying to be nice 😛

Author: Was this from using the skill?
